Removal of internal `df_explicit_na` (#1023)
insightsengineering/tern: NEWS.md

### Miscellaneous
* Fix swapped descriptions for the `.N_row` and `.N_col` parameters.
* Fix bug in `analyze_vars_in_cols` when categorical data was used.

> * Removed internal `df_explicit_na`. It depends on the needs of users.

Reviewer: I will understand this as removal of the function but you actually removed usage of it inside some of the functions

> * Removed internal `df_explicit_na`. It depends on the needs of users.

Author: ```suggestion
* Removal of internal calls to `df_explicit_na`. Changes in `NA` values should happen externally to `tern` functions, depending on the users' needs.
```

> * Removal of internal calls to `df_explicit_na`. Changes in `NA` values should happen externally to `tern` functions, depending on the users' needs.

Author: ```suggestion
* Removal of internal calls to `df_explicit_na`. Changes in `NA` values should happen externally to `tern` functions, depending on users' needs.
```
